Added Keebfront Vanguard65 (#19762)
qmk/qmk_firmware: keyboards/keebfront/vanguard65/readme.md

Reviewer: Would it be possible to add an, imgur hosted, image of this PCB?

Reviewer 2: Also still outstanding.

Author: @fauxpark @dunk2k I'm confused on this request. My understanding was dunk2k wanted one to better understand the PCB for troubleshooting. Are you suggesting adding one into the `readme.md` file itself? 

Seems a bit of a departure from previous QMK practice no?

Reviewer 2: There's always been a spot for an image of the keyboard/PCB in the readme template.
![image](https://github.com/qmk/qmk_firmware/assets/4781841/04c5f838-2e53-426f-acb7-751e20a83787)

# Keebfront Vanguard65

The following is the QMK Firmware for the Keebfront Vanguard65

> ---
> 
> * Keyboard Maintainer: Keebfront
> * Hardware Supported: Vanguard65
> 
> Make example for this keyboard (after setting up your build environment):
> 
>     make keebfront/vanguard65:default

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion

* Keyboard Maintainer: Keebfront
* Hardware Supported: Vanguard65

Make example for this keyboard (after setting up your build environment):

    make keebfront/vanguard65:default
 
Flashing example for this keyboard:

    make keebfront/vanguard65:default:flash

```

# Keebfront Vanguard65

The following is the QMK Firmware for the Keebfront Vanguard65

* Keyboard Maintainer: Keebfront
* Hardware Supported: Vanguard65

Make example for this keyboard (after setting up your build environment):

    make keebfront/vanguard65:default
 
Flashing example for this keyboard:

    make keebfront/vanguard65:default:flash

See the [build environment setup](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/getting_started_build_tools) and the [make instructions](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/getting_started_make_guide) for more information. Brand new to QMK? Start with our [Complete Newbs Guide](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/newbs).

> You can enter the bootloader by pressing the two reset pads on the back of the PCB with tweezers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Bootloader

Enter the bootloader in 2 ways:

* **Physical reset**: pressing the two reset pads on the back of the PCB with tweezers.
* **Keycode in layout**: Press the key mapped to `QK_BOOT` if it is available
```
